README.md, before:

# The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Fix
![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/PolarWizard/TrailsInTheSkyFix/total)

Adds support for ultrawide resolutions and additional features.

***This project is designed exclusively for Windows due to its reliance on Windows-specific APIs. The build process requires the use of PowerShell.***

## Features
- Restores textures on aspect ratios greater than 21:9

## Build and Install
### Using CMake
1. Build and install:
```ps1
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/PolarWizard/TrailsInTheSkyFix.git
cd TrailsInTheSkyFix; mkdir build; cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
cmake --install .
```
`cmake ..` will attempt to find the game folder in `C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/`. If the game folder cannot be found rerun the command providing the path to the game folder:<br>`cmake .. -DGAME_FOLDER="<FULL-PATH-TO-GAME-FOLDER>"`

2. Download [version.dll](https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader/releases) Win32 version
3. Extract to `Trails in the Sky <FC; SC; 3rd>`

### Using Release
1. Download and follow instructions in [latest release](https://github.com/PolarWizard/TrailsInTheSkyFix/releases)

## Configuration
- Adjust settings in `Trails in the Sky <FC; SC; 3rd>/scripts/TrailsInTheSkyFix.yml`

## Screenshots
![Demo](images/TrailsInTheSkyFix_1.gif)

## License
Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## External Tools
- [safetyhook](https://github.com/cursey/safetyhook)
- [spdlog](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog)
- [Ultimate ASI Loader](https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader)
- [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp)
- [zydis](https://github.com/zyantific/zydis)

Commit message:

TrailsInTheSkyFix: Update README and other misc changes
Update README build instructions for cmake, as
well as other updates.

	modified:   README.md
	renamed:    images/TrailsInTheSkyFCFix_1.gif -> images/TrailsInTheSkyFix_1.gif

Accomodate newly added field `tileRenderDistance`
to the yml.

	modified:   src/dllmain.cpp

Add new field `tileRenderDistance` to isolate that
specific fix and so its togglable from within the
yml file. This makes camera zoom out feature
dependant on this fix.

	modified:   TrailsInTheSkyFix.yml

README.md, after:

# The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Fix
![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/PolarWizard/TrailsInTheSkyFix/total)

Adds support for ultrawide resolutions and additional features.

***This project is designed exclusively for Windows due to its reliance on Windows-specific APIs. The build process requires the use of PowerShell.***

## Fixes
- Restores textures on aspect ratios greater than 21:9
- Increases tile render distance to prevent pop in/out above 21:9

## Features
- Adjust camera zoom to view less or more of the game world

## Build and Install
### Using CMake
1. Build and install:
```ps1
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/PolarWizard/TrailsInTheSkyFix.git
cd TrailsInTheSkyFix; mkdir build; cd build
# If install is not needed you may omit -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX and cmake install step.
cmake -DCMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM=Win32 -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<FULL-PATH-TO-GAME-FOLDER> ..
cmake --build .
cmake --install .
```

2. Download [dsound.dll](https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader/releases) Win32 version
3. Extract to game root folder: `Trails in the Sky <FC; SC; The 3rd>`

### Using Release
1. Download and follow instructions in [latest release](https://github.com/PolarWizard/TrailsInTheSkyFix/releases)

## Configuration
- Adjust settings in `Trails in the Sky <FC; SC; The 3rd>/scripts/TrailsInTheSkyFix.yml`

## Screenshots
![Demo](images/TrailsInTheSkyFix_1.gif)

## License
Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## External Tools
- [safetyhook](https://github.com/cursey/safetyhook)
- [spdlog](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog)
- [Ultimate ASI Loader](https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader)
- [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp)
- [zydis](https://github.com/zyantific/zydis)
